Yeah.
What does the emperor's beloved concubine mean?
The emperor should not approach the concubine
Although the concubine is healthy
But I got a rash on my face
It was terrifying.
OK
Show me.
No way.
Second Concubine
He can't play with people's eyes
Don't look at it
Otherwise, the concubine would not want to live at all
So serious
Emperor
Why don't you go back first? Five thousand taels.
Look at the quilt first
Take a look at this
I'll give you five thousand taels.
10,000 taels
Emperor
Saved up for so long
It's really just 10,000 taels away.
Just look at the emperor
Are you sure you don't want it?
Oops no
I lost this.
A rash on the face is a crime of bullying the king
In case he owes me and doesn't have a rash on his face
I had to move my head.
Emperor Emperor
Lvxia Palace Qin Gui's life is not controlled, it interferes with the wind chill, let you go and take a look?
If the emperor leaves, 10,000 taels will be gone
I really can't wait until morale charms him